Add issue templates (#11)
quatico-solutions/websmith: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: 'Create a report to help us improve websmith '
title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

# Bug Report

<!--

>   Please fill in each section completely. Thank you!

Reviewer: Maybe "Please fill in a reproduceable description, including preconditions."?

Author: ```suggestion
  Please fill in a reproducible description, including preconditions.
```
